Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Bye
everyone. Today's Tuesday, February
10th. My name is Amarie Band and this is
the Moneyball Morning Report. We have
got a look at trend spider as our uh
platform and mentor Q giving us those
gamma flow levels that we get to see uh
in large part. So where is the call wall
for the E- mini S&P? It's still at
7,000. Where is the put wall?
Still at 6600.
Listen, all that is is a hedge. They're
just hedging against potential downward
flow. Statistically speaking,
seasonality speaking, we should move
sideways up at which point, you know,
other things might happen as we stare
down our price action event.
It's pretty volatile. The dips, any
significant dips that we see are still
going to be buy zones in my mind. So,
what do we have? Sideways upside
pressure.
Doesn't mean the dips won't be buy
zones, but we've been sitting here since
11:00 a.m. Eastern time yesterday,
holding this sideways pocket in the ES.
What's likely to happen? Well, we're
breaking the trend by time and not
price. That implies that we're likely to
move in the direction of trend, which is
up. So, how might we do that? Well, a
couple of different ways. If you've
watched us on if you've watched me uh on
on group coaching at TopStep TV, you'll
notice I talked about a poor high. John
Hogland and I were talking about it and
then I referred to it again yesterday.
It's a high that is just one or two
ticks higher than the prior high that
pulls back into the frame. And when that
occurs, what we have a tendency to see
is a pullback that gives us a new leg to
the north. We haven't quite done that
yet, but the VWAP sits below us as
support.
Trend is mixed. My rapid triple
stochastic shows downward trend with
upward lift and my momentum oscillator
is showing divergent momentum and a
sideways pressure event. That that says
to me this is likely sideways. So the
pullback action into 6972
wait for it to lose the area and then
break back into the range. That will
give us the move from the bottom to the
top of this formation. This middle
box
is the 30 minute opening range. We went
down by 1x. So we duplicated and then we
tried to duplicate on the top as well.
So you can see price action really
trying to defend these regions and now
trying to break above this zone. Do I
think they're going to do it? The
possibility looks pretty likely. Pretty
likely. If you say, "Hey, I want to take
this trade right now at 69.90."
your stop would be, I'd say, right
around that VWAP edge, the 30 minute
low. So, you know, you're looking at
about 10 points of risk, which, you
know, that's not not trivial. So, uh,
important to note.
Might be better just to wait for it to
get out of this range or wait for the
pullback closer to support so that you
don't have $500 of risk per contract.
All right, that being said, pullbacks
look like buy zones. Thin volume pocket.
Value area high is well below us at
69.50.
This triggered yesterday. Look at how
beautiful this upside pressure event
was. It triggered at the 6950. We had
the downward flow breakout. What
happens? We breach the level, pull back,
recover the level. That gives us the
long with our stop at 6942. You might
go, "Geez, Emory, that is a wide stop."
Well, welcome to volatility in the
market. There is a fair bit of
volatility here. Okay. All right. So,
that's that's my guess for upward
pressure today. I do think it rides.
Now, the question is how far will it
hold? Supply zones sit above us at
7,026. We could grind to the north.
We got a lot of bad news coming out and
we're still holding these higher highs.
So, yeah, I'm guessing we've got
ourselves a reflexive break that should
push us to the upside in general. So, if
we wanted to see, well, what kind of
upside is that? Let's clone the big
box.
Oh, come on.
And move it out. And wouldn't you know
it, right up there into the supply zone.
So that's my thought for the upward
target.
We'll see how it goes. Where do I want
to get involved? I would love to get
involved right down here at supply.
Anywhere around that 6950 area. That
would be fantastic. All right, let's
take a look at the ENQ.
So let's let's uh let's measure trend.
It's holding. Okay. Let's look at the
near-term trend
broken out also. And then let's take a
look at the formation
that confirms we've been in a sideways
patch in the NQ.
old resistance, new support. So, that
line in the sand there is
25,294.
I like that as an alert event because
the dip could easily give us a nice buy
zone. Now, let's talk about the
breakout. Same sort of thing happening.
Remember, when we build inventory time
and time and time again, there are
people that are going to be very anxious
on the trade. They're going to be very,
very anxious. We have to be
cautious of that to realize that that
anxiety they're feeling could easily
shove price to the north because if
they're short, they're going to have to
buy to leave the market. This is the 30
minute opening range.
This is the 4 a.m. candle. They all did
the same thing. Notice how this 30
minute candlestick is just like the ES's
almost exact penetration down as up.
Meaning this the the width of this box
is the same to the upside as the
downside.
We're just making lower highs here. So
certainly not as strong as the ES,
but there you have it. What could price
action do? Well,
if the buyers get subtraction,
we'll get up to 25,000
600 or so, right? So, we'll leave that
there. 25,630.
The top of
uh the range actually is here.
So, my apologies.
It's actually down there to be honest. I
have to find where they are all
connecting to each other.
Yeah, that's
So, I'm going to remove this and then
clone this one because it's a little
it's drawn with a little more precision.
That area
looks like 25,550.
Both of these numbers should be familiar
to us.
They both should be familiar. Same sort
of thing we're looking at. They are
selling the tops, buying the bottoms
until somebody pushes them out of the
edge with strength and then stops start
running because of the people who are
short. If it comes back, here's a great
setup for upside pressure. One, we're
holding the VWAP. If it gets to the top
of the range, moves one or two ticks
above and then pulls back and holds
25,340
or so. Nice long. It's going to be a
really nice long. Otherwise,
you could take the breakout area here.
Your risk is going to be a little bit
larger because the VWAP will give us
that edge and we could break it. And so
what are we looking at in terms of risk?
If you take the 400 out,
you know, 350, 345 will be your risk. So
it's much better to watch the price
action stabilize here
and then consider taking a long off the
VWAP if momentum holds very nicely.
Still a sideways mess. Still a sideways
mess. My thought would be wait for the
breach to the upside. That's shallow.
Watch the pullback and then you'll be
able to look for something around
25,000
would work. 25,380. If it pulls back
into that area and holds it as support
and then recovers, you've got yourself a
long up into the supply zones. Let's
just take a quick look at the YM.
Two days, literally.
Two days sitting in this sideways
exposure
with a top end at
50,340
or so
and the bottom range
at 50,220.
That's where they're fighting. BAP
essentially flat.
Look what happened here. Big reflexive
event.
Support inventory at around
49,000.
Let's see what that number actually is.
49,900.
I I would venture to say that's probably
fair support.
Could be a nice buy point right there.
the breakaway formation.
That's going to be the one to watch.
50,460.
You know, it's kind of a big deal that
Dow's over 50,000, but nobody really
seems to care. But we are moving
sideways. So, two things could be
happening. We could be in a mean
reversion event.
that comes back to test our 49,900
or we're just moving sideways before we
break out again.
Either of those things are very, very
possible.
I'd wait for the dip to try to buy it.
If the dip doesn't hold, we've got
further upside.
Look at the big picture upside event.
Old resistance, new support. Let's clone
that.
51,300
potentially.
All right, let's go to micro Bitcoin.
As I mentioned the traders, this pocket
here, I said, "Hey,
looking at what's going on, the
breakdown below 85, we're sitting in
another space that we should really try
to hold. The traders have been very
persistent
trying to hold this edge. If you're
looking at this,
this potentially is an ideal buy zone."
Now, the last time it did it, we had a
double bottom. So, you might want to
wait for that. But if you're buying it
right off this edge at 68,
old support, new resistance is the VWAP
trend is down. That's 69,540
or so.
That's the line to potentially watch.
And then of course below this area of 68
where there seems to be a fair bit of
supply.
You'd want to be careful there. The big
number is 67.
This chart is leaking again. You know
what I mean? It's really leaking. And we
had a 30 minute candlestick
that broke down in the overnight and
we've got downward pressure from that
end. If 70,000 happens to be what we're
after,
70,224
is the 30 minute opening low for the
chart.
I'd say a bounce here into the midline
and then we see what's going on. The the
large market seems to be grinding fairly
well into higher highs.
and this could pull it along with it.
So, I don't mind that that long in
Bitcoin just so long as you manage your
risk. Risk is fairly wide, but it should
hold 68,000 if it is going to move up
into
the edges near 70 at which point the
call wall which is below the put wall.
You see this all the time because of the
inexperience of the option traders
sitting inside of Bitcoin and that will
fix itself eventually but not for now.
Put wall at 72, call at 71.
What's next? Oil.
Okay.
Oil also giving a little bit of a
topping formation here. However,
I don't know. These conversations with
Iran are very bizarre.
If you're not listening to them, don't
even worry. I'm certain it'll make your
head scratch. So, um, what have they
been doing? Notice the entire market,
all the indices that we consider, every
single one of them started moving
sideways at about 11:00. Now, oil is one
of the few ones that broke higher and
then pulled back.
The question is now, will they break
above 6463
and continue to the north
potentially?
What I think I want to do is change the
level
just a bit and use 6467
as the breakaway event. If it moves to
the north,
there is direct supply above us. The
call wall is at 65.
Big supply zone until 6550.
If
we actually measure this by
support and resistance,
this formation
looks like it could easily get to that
6530 area. Not a bad spot. Not a bad
spot for the chart to um
move into.
So, we'll see what happens. Now, could
you take a short right here? Absolutely
could. You You actually could. However,
the broad price action in the near term
is up. That being said, we are inside of
value area high just by a tick or two
and well inside value area low. The
heavy congestion across the board has
been between $62.70
and $64.60. 60s. So very sideways.
Very sideways.
You could have a blowoff top that moves
to the south,
but it feels like dips or buy zones here
most certainly.
But the upper edge at 6550.
Let's take a look at gold.
All right, gold broke through this area.
Now, you know, I always talk about how
these things break.
They break in the same kind of way.
Every time they'll break out and then
pull back. If they come back to a higher
low, it's a long. So, you can see old
resistance, new support. The long was
somewhere around 12:30 Eastern time and
it bounces into a double top formation.
Looks like it's only higher by about a
couple of ticks.
So, what what could we see? Well,
we could see continued upside pressure
certainly. Are we trending higher? Yes.
Does this look like a poor high?
Essentially, it does. And so, this
upward pressure
looks fairly important. Let's see.
What we've got here, the low edge, which
could give us a pretty nice buy zone, is
5,030ish.
I like that one. The breakout edge now
that it's here is a little messier. You
could simply take it on the break and
then
scalp in and scalp out, but you know,
that's that's kind of tough. But above
511,
you want to see if it pops out, pulls
back in, gives you another higher low.
Now, what about downside? If it loses
5031,
chances are fairly likely that it moves
to 4986
and then maybe 4960.
Coldwall
5200,
Port Wall
4,700. So again, pretty wide. These guys
are hedging. Supply
very significant down here at 4,90060
feels like a grind higher. Here's the
thing. If we try to
uh balance inventory or correct
inventory, we've been long inventory has
been long in the pre-market. And so some
of those traders across the board are
going to try and cover their their long
trades and just cash in for the day.
What can we stare down and say about
that? Well, we could look at it and go,
"All right, as long as they hold above
that 6970ish
area in the ES, we're going to have
upward pressure." But the pullback into
that zone is also fairly likely. Watch
for the dip action as inventory tries to
correct. It fills in the gap and then we
move forward. for the spy which we are
looking at right now. That line in the
sand is $693.
We've got the same sideways motion. All
of these
instruments are trading in tandem.
There's no one out moving the other. Let
me see what RTY looks like just in case.
Yeah, they're all the same. Everybody
sideways.
Okay, so now that we have that, what are
we staring down here? This sideways
motion gives us the possibility of a
breakout to the north. Call wall at 700.
I think they're going to try and go
after it. I really do. Let's see if we
clone this and then move it up. Here is
our measured move. 698 and then 700.
What happens on the downside? Well,
here's the thing. If we lose 693 and
some change, we could easily come back
into value area high
690.
Then I think the buyers will try
to push the traders 691, excuse me. The
buyers will try to push the traders back
up. If not, we go to 688.
We're just going to move from one layer
of congestion or inventory accumulation
into the next. That's what we're going
to see. All right.
Okay. That's it for me, folks. I of
course for the uh students in top we've
got some studies on the anchored VWAP
today and then I'm on the benzinga pro
show and you know after that I logged
into a bunch of meetings. So that's it
for me. Stay
frosty folks small size or not at all.
Okay. See you soon.